now I'm good director 1-ton don't fill
the one time too much me if you feel the
one time too much me it's difficult to
cope unless you steam your one time you
do it just enough just enough where
pushy in the middle use two fingers just
twist it twisting my side twist a pinch
twist and pinched look
twist a pinch
so in we see how greedy you like you can
have more one-ton and less noodle you
can have more noodle and less one time
just think what you like and you can
even deep-fry your one time if you don't
like to have it boy if you didn't want
to do your one ton deep fry you have to
wait for next time
this is nice for two people maximum not
more than two because it's not enough to
share so say one two three four five six
seven eight nine that right is that
right my car again my all each I can
count that would be terrible
iced tea fight institutionally me
what is good to boysson
yes take it away
put this away get one noodle out one I
choose the two people for lunch eat just
nice
how many vegetable hard he's just got to
fight with the vegetables
now I'm good to pet the one-ton noodle
in
now I add the one-ton noodle in we're
waiting for the wonton noodle to change
color can you see his changing color and
let's get the texture right the texture
still because of the coating of the
wonton noodle we're going to drain it
now and run it under the cold water
quickly and so that the wonton noodle
can be separated
under cold water can you see the noodle
is all separated I just need to reheat
it quickly quickly just show that when
you eat it is still nice and hot and
tasty keep let the water keep boiling it
snow you need the water to keep boiling
so that you can do it in the correct way
and leave it this way just leave it and
put it aside and now we can just quickly
put in the patch it's just the same the
color would would disappear when the
changes color you can see Wow it changes
color
now you lift it up put it on your
sloping plate just leave it down there
Livius yes then you get nice and crunchy
taste of the vegetables you can you use
choice 'm or kai-lan or whatever you
like now one by one you see the water is
bustling bustling 1 2 3 4 5 and let it
swim 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 hahaha wife is
going to fight so keep rolling it gently
don't pull don't please don't pop the
one time you wanted to to make sure that
the one time is well cooked leave it
leave it till the one time float okay
well I'm to be ready one can can make
with pros start with prawns one done can
stop with only
pork can't only turkey mince and just
even vegetables so don't be afraid don't
be fear of what you put in the one time
and how it tastes when your friends like
it you see they're all floating now can
you see they're all floating and now
it's ready now I'm ready to serve it
turn that up
where's my spoon
see they all got beautiful shape is not
overcooked it's not undercooked and you
know it's lovely
oh I can hear the camera lady her tummy
is grumbling I think she likes the one
time faster faster that's it
that's it now we're going to dress
everything up put this aside put the
vegetable aside that's it put it
floating this way so that the pitch
taper see then you see why I put the
noodle on the side because it can keep
warm now I'm adding oyster sauce 1
tablespoon of oyster sauce little bit of
sesame oil that's how we Singaporean
cook okay
that's how it's supposed to be so you
can use anything you like and a little
bit of olive oil if you like to make it
more glaze boy it looks a lot of oil
base a lot of ingredient now it's twist
it make a design on it and you add in
your noodle move your noodles right you
see it doesn't stick it really is a very
good quality noodle so what you do you
put it this way this is your one ton
noodle dry one and you in your one ton
here when you surf your one-ton noodle
it's the quality what you put in your
one time it's not the quantity so when
you eat it it is beautiful beautiful
one-ton noodle is our young days
flavored and even now old days we still
eat them okay okay don't run the way you
like it staying there yes now I'm going
to give you a treat but I have made a
chopstick can use both way this is what
we use this is dry so you mustn't use
this wet part onto your pickle this is
what I have made what I pickle when I
get chilies I'll get chilies everywhere
and I make sure this is gone a bit brown
now but when you cook it you got the
green one when you pickle it you get the
green one and sometimes it get this
color and sometimes it doesn't
this is my homemade chili make chili
then that's what you're going to have
well delicious it smells lovely I'm
going to taste one
it's nice
don't forget you can add more chili
sauce add more oyster sauce and whatever
you really one house or two you like I
like my food not too salty I like my
food to taste the flavor of the noodle
to taste the flavor of the meat and to
taste the flavor of the cooking that's
what I like but I like the condiment on
it as why you call a condiment or what
add a little chili a bell Grinchy a
little bit of that just just enjoy every
single bite keep watching me subscribe
oh oh I want you to know that this is an
honest cooking join me and see you soon